Product rating system.:
How will the system handle invalid or incomplete ratings, (eg, a rating with out feed back or feed  back with out a rating)?, 
will the users be able to edit or delete their ratings and feed back after submission? if so, how will this affect the overall rating of the product?
how will the system handle multiple ratings from the same user on the same product? will it over write previous ratings, or will all ratings be aggregated.the user can 
give the rating using stars or else in descriptive mannner not exceeding more than 150 characters, 

Test case:



Age verification for alcoholic products.: 
what measures are in place to present users from by passing age verification(eg. giving false age as input?)
Is the age verification process required everytime a user navigates to the alcoholic products section, or is it a one time verification stored in the user's
account?, what happens if a user does not meet the age requirement? will they deny from browsing or purchasing other products in the same sssion. the user must prove
that he is 18+ by providing his birth datails in the format DD/MM/YYYY.

TEST CASE:
Equivalence partioning:
Baesd on the given age by users , you divide the data in to groups, such as those who are qualified to  login and access the products, and to whom those are not qualified
to login and access the products.
BOUNDARY VALUE ANALYSIS:
Here you can test values at the edges of input ranges to find errors at the boundaries
eg.:
For an age input that accepts values from 18 .
you can choose 3 boundary values to test, so that you have 3 test cases such as
17 (just below)
18(at the boundary)
19(just above)

DECISION TABLE TESTING:
Use this table to decide whether a person has access to alcoholic products or not.












Shipping cost changes:
How is the free shipping threshold amount calculated (eg. before or after discounts, taxes,?)
will there be clear messaging in th cart or checkout process informing users how much more they need to spend to qualify for free shipping?
Are there any exceptions or exclusions to the free shipping offer, such as certain regions or products that always incur shipping fees?

EQUIVALENCE PARTIONING:
classify the products those are classified for free shipping based on discount,and for the products free shipping is not applicable.
BOUNDARY VALUE ANALYSIS:
you can classify the products based on discount captive amount for eg. products can be shipped if the price is more than 50 euro
here you can classify the products such as
49 euro(just below the 50 euro)
50 euro(at the boundary)
51 euro ( just above the boundary)

DECISION TABLE TESTING: Here you can classify the products whether they can be shipped for free or not
though the amount criteria can fullfill( such as 50 euro) but the product may occupy large area in that case decision to be taken whether the product 
can be shipped for free or not.
























